Release 2.16.0 (#7156)
timescale/timescaledb: CHANGELOG.md

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 2.16.0 (2024-07-25)

> This release contains performance improvements and bug fixes since
> the 2.15.3 release. We recommend that you upgrade at the next
> available opportunity.
> 
> In TimescaleDB v2.16.0 we:
> 
> * Introduce a lot of performance focused optimizations for data manipulation operations (DML) over compressed chunks.
> 
> * Speed up those tricky queries that access more chunks than needed.
> 
>   TimescaleDB v2.16.0 extends chunk exclusion on compressed hypertables and is able to take into account
>   filters on additional, non-partitioning columns.
> 
> * Offer new options for Timescale users who like their foreign keys.
> 
>   You can now add foreign keys from regular tables towards hypertables. We have also removed
>   some really annoying locks in the reverse direction that blocked access to referenced tables
>   while compression was running.
> 
> * Have big updates on the Continuous Aggregates front.
> 
>   More types of joins are supported, additional equality operators on join clauses, and support for joins
>   between multiple regular tables.

Reviewer: Adding some small changes based on feedback by Ramon

```suggestion
This release contains significant performance improvements when working with compressed data, extended join
support in continuous aggregates, and the ability to define foreign keys from regular tables towards hypertables.
We recommend that you upgrade at the next available opportunity.

In TimescaleDB v2.16.0 we:

* Introduce multiple performance focused optimizations for data manipulation operations (DML) over compressed chunks. 

  Improved upsert performance by more than 100x in some cases and more than 1000x in some update/delete scenarios.

* Add the ability to define sparse indexes on non-partitioning columns of compressed hypertables

  TimescaleDB v2.16.0 extends chunk exclusion to use those sparse indexes when queries filter on the relevant columns, 
  and prune chunks that do not include any relevant data for calculating the query response.

* Offer new options for use cases that require foreign keys defined.

  You can now add foreign keys from regular tables towards hypertables. We have also removed
  some really annoying locks in the reverse direction that blocked access to referenced tables
  while compression was running.

* Extend Continuous Aggregates to support more types of analytical queries.

  More types of joins are supported, additional equality operators on join clauses, and
  support for joins between multiple regular tables.
```

Author: Alright, edited so.
